{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
History:\
\
Klusterbox version 2.0 introduced the Auto Improper Mandate Finder, now called the Auto Data Entry. This feature reads a properly formatted employee everything report (the .csv file type) and will build a carrier list as well as input carrier clock rings with minimal input from a steward. The Auto Over Max Finder will also read a properly formatted employee everything report and generate a report showing violations of the 12/60 hour rule laid out in article 8 of the jcam. These features take task which once took hours and completes them in minutes. Version 2.3 introduced Informal C, a feature which helped users to track compliance for grievance settlements. \
\
Klusterbox version 3.0 introduced the PDF converter which translates TACS Employee Everything Reports into a .csv format which can be read by Klusterbox. A PDF Splitter is also included for breaking Employee Everything Reports into manageable weekly sections.\
 \
In version 3.004 (7/21/20) the Over Max spreadsheet was added. Users were allowed to enter leave types/times into the database. The Auto Data Entry program also automatically found and entered the leave type/times into the database. \
\
In version 3.005 (11/01/20) repairs were made to the pdf converter providing error warnings for troublesome input and reducing the risk of crashes. The pdf reader will make a second attempt with new parameters if the fist attempt fails. The overmax spreadsheet generator was updated to fix undercounting violations. Archives were renamed from "Libraries" on the menu. Formatting and option updates were made to informal c adding "verified" and "incomplete" as options for documentation status. \
\
In version 3.006 (12/21/20) more fixes were made to the pdf converter and reports were for carrier routes and ns days were added. \
\
Version 3.007 (12/24/20): fixes to pdf converter making the station more readable. the Auto Data Entry was modified to allow users to add a station which was matched to the TACS designation of a station. the NS Day Structure Preference was added and changes made to Auto Data Entry to respect that preference. \
\
In version 3.008 (01/11/21): I bought a Mac and created the first release for Mac OS. I created platform specific formats for many of the windows. I revised formulas in the spreadsheets to make them readable in the Numbers app. I created the history.txt which you are reading. I updated the multi-input screen to reflect changes made in the ns configuration screen. }